README.markdown, before:

# I Can Haz Blog?! #

## Description ##

Icanhazblog is a blog application running on MongoDB and Rails 3.

## Installation ##

* Install required gems:
`bundle install`

* Make sure your MongoDB database is running and set up Mongoid
`config/mongoid.yml.example -> mongoid.yml`

* Check if everything it working:
`rake test`

* Put initial data into database:
`rake db:setup`

* If you want to see some dummy blog posts in the application for the start, run:
`rake db:generate_random_articles`

* Set up API keys for [reCAPTCHA](https://github.com/ambethia/recaptcha)
`config/initializers/recaptcha.rb.example -> recaptcha.rb`

* Set up your secret token:
`config/initializers/secret_token.rb.example -> secret_token.rb`

* Set up your tracking code
`public/javascripts/tracking_code.js.example -> tracking_code.js`

* Set up production environment
`config/environments/production.rb.example -> production.rb`

* Run +rails server+ and go to +http://localhost:3000/+

## TODO ##

* use (optionally) Markdown notation to write blog posts instead of HTML

* make blog easier configurable - move blog title and similar "constants" to
  configuration or localizations

* create rake task for setting up blog (instead describing these tasks in README)

## Author ##

2010-2011 Lukas Stejskal

Commit message:

add TODO note about moving from MongoDB to MySQL

README.markdown, after:

# I Can Haz Blog?! #

## Description ##

Icanhazblog is a blog application running on MongoDB and Rails 3.

## Installation ##

* Install required gems:
`bundle install`

* Make sure your MongoDB database is running and set up Mongoid
`config/mongoid.yml.example -> mongoid.yml`

* Check if everything it working:
`rake test`

* Put initial data into database:
`rake db:setup`

* If you want to see some dummy blog posts in the application for the start, run:
`rake db:generate_random_articles`

* Set up API keys for [reCAPTCHA](https://github.com/ambethia/recaptcha)
`config/initializers/recaptcha.rb.example -> recaptcha.rb`

* Set up your secret token:
`config/initializers/secret_token.rb.example -> secret_token.rb`

* Set up your tracking code
`public/javascripts/tracking_code.js.example -> tracking_code.js`

* Set up production environment
`config/environments/production.rb.example -> production.rb`

* Run +rails server+ and go to +http://localhost:3000/+

## TODO ##

* use (optionally) Markdown notation to write blog posts instead of HTML

* make blog easier configurable - move blog title and similar "constants" to
  configuration or localizations

* create rake task for setting up blog (instead describing these tasks in README)

### Switch from MongoDB to MySQL ###

Yeah, MongoDB is way cooler that MySQL, it's hipster cool. But let's face it,
it's overkill for a simple blog application. My main reason for moving to MySQL
(I'm also considering other SQL databases) is that MongoDB takes way too much
space for a such a small database.

The MongoDB code will still be available under +mongodb+ tag.

## Author ##

2010-2011 Lukas Stejskal
